Change expected type of `reported_cases` argument to `numeric` (#594)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

* Removed references to the no longer existing `forecast_infections` function. By @sbfnk in #460 and reviewed by @seabbs.
* The contribution guide has been improved to include more detail on ways to contribute new features/enhancements, report bugs, and improve or suggest vignettes. By @jamesmbaazam in #464 and reviewed by @seabbs.
* Updated the code in `inst/CITATION` and added a GitHub Actions workflow to auto-generate `citation.cff` so that the two citation files are always in sync with `DESCRIPTION`. By @jamesmbazam in #467, with contributions from @Bisaloo, and reviewed by @seabbs and @sbfnk.

> * Updated the `reported_cases` argument in `estimate_infections()` and `confirm` column in the `obs` argument of `estimate_truncation()` to allow `numeric` types, not just `integer`. See #594, by @jamesmbaazam, and reviewed by @<REVIEWER>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the documentation of the `reported_cases` argument in `estimate_infections()` and `confirm` column in the `obs` argument of `estimate_truncation()` to allow `numeric` types, not just `integer`. See #594, by @jamesmbaazam, and reviewed by @sbfnk.
```
